I’d just like to interject for a moment. 
What you’re refering to as Linux, is in fact, GNU/Linux, or as I’ve recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux.
Linux is not an operating system unto itself,
but rather another free component of a fully functioning GNU system made useful by the GNU corelibs,
shell utilities and vital system components comprising a full OS as defined by POSIX.
|pogline|Aspernatur et assumenda repudiandae fugiat eum et maiores laudantium.
Accusamus illo aut beatae quae quis nam.
enetur dolores officia corrupti vel sapiente.
Temporibus sint non aut dolor quis.
Dolorem suscipit ex porro.
Ipsa ut est vel deserunt quasi.
|pogline|Hamood? Hamood Hamood

Hamood habibi Hamood, Hamood habibi Hamood habibi Hamood, Hamood habibi

Hamood? Hamood

Goum eg'ad men ennoama! Goum eg'ad men ennoama! Goum eg'ad men ennoama! Ya Ahmad Hamadi Ya Ahmad Hamadi

Hamood? Hamood Hamood
|pogline|my story about how i started to love cheese

it all started when i was 3 nearly 6 when i found cheese lying on the floor in my sons kitchen.

i ate the cheese

it tasted glorious, like it was something meant for just me.

So that is the story of how I found cheese.

And you know, cheese plays and important role in life. Weather it's when your hungry, or when you like consuming things that have the colour yellow.
|pogline|Friends is a Gritty documentary that follows six drug dealers 
as they try and survive in the city of Hong Kong. 
Staring chindlor bong, chu, racael, 
rose, phobos 1 and harmonica.
|pogline|My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm 33 years old. 
My house is in the northeast section of Morioh, where all the villas are, and I am not married. 
I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores, and I get home every day by 8 PM at the latest. 
I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink. 
I'm in bed by 11 PM, and make sure I get eight hours of sleep, no matter what. 
After having a glass of warm milk and doing about twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed, 
I usually have no problems sleeping until morning. 
Just like a baby, I wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning. 
I was told there were no issues at my last check-up. 
I'm trying to explain that I'm a person who wishes to live a very quiet life. 
I take care not to trouble myself with any enemies, like winning and losing, that would cause me to lose sleep at night. 
That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness. 
Although, if I were to fight I wouldn't lose to anyone.